[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Here I would like to share
that there is a whirlwind
of energy that is happening
on this planet at this time.
He is mentioning that he has
been in contact with humanity
and with myself for a number of
lifetimes, a number of years,
trying to spread certain
messages to humanity
to allow them to prepare for the
time that we are in right now.
We are currently experiencing
a time of turmoil.
a time of a tumultuous shift.
We need to get to a point where
we are ready for the shift.
We need to get to
a point where we
are ready to invite these
beings to our planet.
We need to get to a point
where we are no longer existing
and living within
the confines of fear
and we are completely liberated
in the trust of the universe.
If we continue to attach
ourself to the old, traditional,
fear-based mentality
of an us versus them,
we will never be
open enough to allow
these beings to come through.
>> Elizabeth, welcome back here.
We're in this beautiful property
in Malibu with our good friend
Buddha, and what's
his name again?
>> Grayson.
Sorry, Grayson, I
forgot your name.
OK, awesome.
And today we're going to
bring in some gray energy.
>> Yes, we are.
>> Sweet.
You're, actually, as we
were talking out yesterday,
the other version of you.
>> Yes, it is.
Yeah.
>> From the past?
>> Yeah, so this is a past
life version of myself,
and it's interesting because the
type of channeling that I do is
usually going straight to source
energy to receive information.
So I don't really consult
a lot of spirit guides
or individual beings or even
my parallel versions of myself,
but they definitely
have a lot to say.
So they're very excited
to come through today.
>> Awesome, awesome.
And just really quick, so
your form of channeling
is a little bit different than
some of the other channelers
I've had on the show.
>> Right, yes.
So I don't remove
myself from my body.
So I'm always in full control.
Maybe it's just the fact
that I like to be in control.
And basically it's kind of
this energy of them standing
beside me, you asking
them a question,
and I'm kind of the mediator.
The coolest thing is I have no
idea what they're about to say,
and then when it
comes through, I'm
like, oh, that's really cool.
OK.
And then I'll explain what
they say, how they explain it,
and how they show it to
me, because it's really
a mix of a download
of information,
and I call it a zip file.
So it's kind of like they
give me this huge download,
and then I unpack it
through verbal translation,
and then they also show
me a lot of visuals.
So I'll explain what that
visual looks like, and then I'll
explain what that
means based on what
they're trying to talk about.
>> Do you need to do
anything special to get
into the channeling or--
>> No.
Because I've been such an open
channel since a little girl,
I basically have the
balance or the control
or the structure when
my eyes are open.
I'm here.
I'm present.
I'm grounded.
I'm human.
When my eyes are closed,
that's when my third eye opens,
and all I have to do is
kind of direct that channel
and bring in whatever it
is that I'm curious about.
So yeah, it's pretty simple
to literally just snap right
into it and bring Heera
through, and then you
can go ahead and
ask him questions.
And I might have a little bit
of human commentary in between
of like, oh, that's really
cool, or, oh, OK, yeah,
and that's just basically
me listening to what he's
explaining, and then
I'll open my eyes
and explain exactly what that
was that he was giving me.
>> So in essence,
Heera's already here.
>> Oh, Heera's always here.
He's always around.
Yeah.
>> Are they related?
>> Yeah, yeah, little Grayson,
yeah, he's the little son.
>> Oh, OK, perfect.
Well, let's bring in Heera.
>> Yeah, for sure.
So you can start with
the first question.
>> Start with the
first question?
>> Yeah.
>> OK, hi, Heera.
What is this time
we're in right now?
Some people classify it as
ascension, transformation,
the shift to Age of Aquarius.
There's all these labels for it.
So what, in Heera's words, is
this time we're going through
on the planet right now?
>> OK.
OK, cool.
So he gives me this image, and
the image that he gives me is--
the first image that he
gave me, anyway, was this,
and he gives me the
word "expansion."
This is the time that
we're in is expansion.
And then he throws me
into another image, which
is the image of
the planet, and he
was showing me all of the
vortexes on the planet
reawakening because
there was a time where
a lot of the vortexes
were deactivated.
And so the vortexes
are reawakening.
He also brought me
all the way back
to the time of ancient
Atlantis and Lemuria.
So he was showing me this
really hustle, bustle,
this bustling kind
of civilization
during ancient
Atlantis and Lemuria.
And he's saying that
this is nothing new.
Yes, we are expanding.
Yes, this is happening.
Yes, there's a lot
of things that are
reactivating and opening up.
But, at the same time,
we've seen this all before.
So he gave me the word
of "rebirth, rebirth."
This has not the first time
this has ever happened.
This is happening again, and
he's talking about the cycles.
And I believe that he
was throwing me back
to ancient Atlantis and
Lemuria because this
is the last time we saw
the expansion at the point
that it's going to get to.
It's definitely not there yet.
But we're going back to those
days of Atlantis and Lemuria.
We've got technology and
that kind of consciousness
and awareness and that
vibrational frequency that's
all coming back.
So his main point, the emphasis
that he wanted to make,
is this cycle.
It's not new.
We're just seeing it again.
And also he's saying,
deep down somewhere
within us, a lot of us, as
human beings, as souls, we've
been here since that time,
since Atlantis and Lemuria.
Therefore, we're remembering
what we once lost.
>> What is Heera's role
in this remembering?
>> That's a good question.
Let me ask him.
OK, OK.
So interesting.
So he said the real question
is, what is Elizabeth April's
role in this, because he is me.
>> Gotcha.
>> Right?
So in a sense, we're here,
so he is me in this past.
But he decided it was in
that lifetime as Heera
to come here on this
planet as a human being.
And so during that
time, we decided,
I guess as a
collective, to come down
to this planet and this
lifetime for me, as this soul,
is meant to be the
most important lifetime
on this planet.
This is all of the
information from all
of the lifetimes,
both terrestrial
and non-terrestrial, are
coming back to me at this time,
and that's why I'm
connecting to all
of these cosmic and
parallel lifetimes.
And I just want
to ask Heera, now,
what he thinks my role
is on this planet?
>> Yeah, what does he
think your role is?
Perfect.
>> Yeah, because
we are the same.
>> Yeah.
>> Let's see.
OK, cool.
Yeah.
Very short, very
sweet, and very clear,
and he gave this to
me in a sentence.
>> A person-- but on
a collective role,
a collective answer.
So to say, how do you
remind someone of who
they are in a general sense?
Because I know it's probably
specific for each person, but--
>> Right, right.
>> Is there a general answer?
>> OK, let's see.
Right, right, right, right,
right, right, right, right,
right.
OK, cool, cool.
OK, so he's talking about the
difference between the body
and the soul, and
it's a remembrance,
and it really isn't different
from person to person.
Everyone is existing in a
physical third-dimensional
body, and everyone has a soul
within that third-dimensional
physical body.
And so the remembrance
of who you are
is let go of the programming.
Let go of the attachment.
Let go of the identity
and understand
that you are so much greater
than just this person, just
this individual,
third-dimensional body, right?
So the remembrance is
more at a soul level
than it is at a physical level.
It's not, hey, you were once
a shaman in a past life.
It's not that kind
of remembrance.
It's the remembrance
of we are so
much greater than just this
moment right here, right now.
>> Beautiful.
What was Heera's role how
many thousands of years ago?
>> Roughly, more kind
of human level, I guess,
because time's kind
of different up there,
about 500,000 years ago.
>> So in our interview yesterday
there was this talk of Heera
coming in with the Neanderthal
or Neanderthal type.
>> Right.
>> What specifically was Heera's
role at that time on planet
Earth?
>> OK.
He didn't-- I'll answer this,
and then I'll ask him about
what he can define his role as.
But ultimately he didn't really
have a role on this planet.
Ultimately, his role was
how to progress his species
with genetic manipulation.
So let me just see what
Heera has to say about that.
Yes, OK.
OK, great.
OK, so he's talking
about his role.
He was the ambassador for
the Grays, the Zeta Grays.
He lived his entire
existence up on a ship.
So he said that his role in
particular in that lifetime
was the ambassador
for the Grays,
and then he said he worked
in tandem with the Galactic
Federation to help
elevate consciousness,
to help service
other species who
maybe didn't have the
resources that the Grays had.
So no matter what it was
that the Grays could provide
to the Galactic
Federation to help
the collective consciousness--
not on this planet,
but as a whole within the
universe-- that's what he did.
And then he also mentioned
that, at a certain point
in time, his son--
OK, this is kind of weird
because Grays don't--
>> Not this guy.
>> Grayson.
>> Yeah.
But-- so his son--
which is kind of weird
because Grays don't really
have children.
It's not a thing.
Grays are just clones
of one another.
They're basically all made
in Petri dishes, in a sense,
in a laboratory.
But Heera, at that time,
made a conscious decision
to have children or have a
son, in a sense, because he
felt like he wanted that bond.
At a certain point in time
when his son was in relation
to maybe around 10 years
to this kind of timelines
on this planet, his son
ended up passing away.
And the reason why
his son passed away
was because the genetic
manipulation went
so far that there was
something in the son
was unable to be processed.
There was so much
genetic manipulation
that the species itself
was kind of dying out.
And so after his
son passed away,
that's when he
got really heavily
into genetic manipulation.
How can we save
the Gray species?
And that's when he started
working with the Galactic
Federation in more of a genetics
and more of a hybridization
project.
That was never really his goal.
He just wanted to be there for
his people as this ambassador.
And it wasn't until
his son passing away
and that heartbreak
and that hurt--
even though he understood
that a body is just a body
and you can kind of implant the
same soul into another body,
that wasn't the point.
That happened so that he
could help advance the Grays
and, essentially, eventually
help advance human beings, as
well, within our own
genetic genome as well.
>> So was he maybe one of the
ones responsible for bringing
that up to the
Federation to say, hey,
our species is in trouble, we
need to find some DNA to help
us out, and Earth
was a match for that?
>> Yeah, yeah.
It wasn't him who even
brought up Earth as a match.
It was the Galactic
Federation that said,
actually, there
is a peace treaty
that is happening on this planet
called Earth, even though they
don't call it Earth, and this
peace treaty is basically
this prophecy where all of
these different interdimensional
beings from all
over the universe
come together, genetically
splice their DNA with the DNA
of these Neanderthals to
help advance us, in a sense,
but really just to
kind of all get along
out there in the universe.
And the Galactic
Federation was like, this
is kind of perfect timing.
We also need you,
as well, a part
of this prophecy and
this peace treaty.
>> So for the
Federation, is it--
so would he just sort
of make a phone call,
like a telepathic phone call
to the Federation and say--
like our government leaders
would call on the red phone
to Russia.
>> Yeah.
>> We've got a problem,
and let's negotiate,
and let's figure
something out here,
and how can we work together
to solve this issue?
>> Yeah, there's two
ways to mainly contact.
One is teleportation.
So there's like a hub.
It's kind of like--
I don't know what to call it--
kind of like a train
station, and you
can teleport into the
Galactic Federation spaceship
from any spaceship.
I don't know if it's
all across the universe,
but you can be quite a
distance and just teleport in.
And then there's also
hologram projectors, as well,
within the Galactic Federation.
And they've shown me a
lot of holograms, which
I thought was pretty cool.
>> Kind of like in "Star Wars"
where R2-D2 does the thing.
>> Yeah, exactly like that.
>> And everybody's
sitting around, like, oh,
we got a distress signal
coming from Earth.
Let's go in and--
>> It's really wild how close
some movies really do have it--
>> Really do that.
>> --what's going on out there.
Yeah.
>> Well, that leads me to
my next question, which was,
what is the Galactic Federation?
So we've heard terms
and ideas about it.
In Heera's terms, what is
the Galactic Federation?
>> Let's see what he has to say.
OK, cool.
All right, he's giving
me very specific words.
He says, it's an intuitively
structured system
to organize the chaos
of the universe.
And he's putting a huge
emphasis on "intuitive,"
and he was explaining that--
and this is really cool.
And this is probably
the biggest difference
between our government
system and theirs.
He was explaining that every
position within the Galactic
Federation is chosen
for the person based
on their vibrational frequency.
So if you have the vibration
very logical, analytical, very
good at problem solving,
you're going be an engineer.
If you really love
technology, you're
going to be working
on the circuit boards.
If you're really good at
nurturing and kindness
and compassion,
you're going to be
working with the hybrids,
the hybrid children,
or in the nursery.
So everyone has a position
that is finely tuned
to their vibration,
and he is reminding me
that it's very similar to what
we had back in ancient Greece,
I believe, with the
philosopher kings and the fact
that it wasn't necessarily
a caste system that puts you
into a position, but it was
your skills and abilities that
put you into that position.
>> Skills can be sort
of learned in a sense.
If I wanted--
I guess, what am I
trying to say here?
The question I'm
trying to ask is--
for example, I'm a
skilled martial artist.
I've trained.
I've done the work.
I can do martial arts.
Right now, my interest is more
in doing this kind of work,
and I'm growing those skills.
How would the Federation
handle something like that?
What if someone had the skills
to work on circuit boards
but had the interest
to do something else?
>> Yeah.
So from an early age,
based on your skills,
there's a variety of
testing that you go through,
and there's school and stuff
like that up there as well.
And so once you go through
the testing, they're like,
oh, this is what you're
going to be good at.
This is what you're fine tuned.
This is your ideal state
of working position.
And then if you go
into that position
and you're like, OK,
that doesn't really
align with me anymore, it's
not exciting me, then you
can go back to the
Galactic Federation,
go back to the council members
and let them know that,
and they will actually put
you into a better suited
position based on where
you're at at that time.
>> OK, so you're not forced into
anything you don't want to do.
>> You're not necessarily forced
into anything you don't want
to do.
But it is the best based on
your vibrational frequency.
So ultimately, it's
most likely something
that you really enjoy
doing because that's
what you're really good at.
>> And if you shift into
some other interests,
most likely your frequency,
your vibration's also going
to shift, so they would go
according to that as opposed
to--
>> Absolutely, absolutely.
>> Instead of-- yeah, cool.
In the Federation,
do they have--
in our "Star Trek" lore, we
have the prime directive where--
are you familiar?
Do you watch?
Are you a "Star Trek" fan?
>> No.
>> OH.
It's OK though.
It's OK.
Even better.
>> I've got my own "Star Trek."
>> Yeah, I know.
It's probably better.
>> Yeah.
>> So in the "Star Trek" lore,
there's the prime directive
where a non-space-bearing planet
is not allowed to be interfered
with in their
evolutionary stage.
And I'm sure Gene Roddenberry
and the creator of "Star Trek"
were probably channeling or
having some kind of contact
information for that.
We've heard from others.
We've talked about this in
different forms and fashions.
And wondering what Heera's--
his idea of the prime
directive and how that works
and if he could help
define that a little bit.
>> Yeah, perfect.
OK, let's take a look.
OK, so he doesn't necessarily
know what prime directive is,
but he is mentioning
that there are
laws within the universe
that are not necessarily laws
that the Galactic Federation has
created, but they do abide by,
and he was explaining that
these laws, once again, are not
created by one species,
one being, one force.
These are universal laws.
So the law of binary, the
laws of ones and zeros,
the laws of binary is the
laws of opposites, right?
He was also talking about
the law of non-intervention,
and that's pretty much what
you were talking about,
and that's the same thing.
So when-- how do I say this?
Yes.
If a soul or a consciousness
does not ask for help,
there is no intervention
that can be had at that time.
So any species across
the entire universe
has to abide by these
certain universal truths
or universal laws.
And it is just the role
of the Galactic Federation
that comes in and basically
oversees those laws.
So it's not the Galactic
Federation laws.
It's the laws of the universe.
And he was talking
about the laws
of the universe are to ensure
the harmony of the universe.
>> In our human lore, as
far as when it comes to ETs
and especially Grays, there's
a lot of ideas around abduction
and people taken against their
will aboard ships with genetic
material taken, which
you'd already mentioned
the hybridization programs,
which we'll get into a little
bit later.
But what does Heera have
to say about that idea--
>> Abductions.
>> --and the abductions, and
how is it related to this
noninterference law?
>> OK, good question.
OK, so there's a
lot going on here.
There's a lot of facets to this.
The number one thing
that he brought up
and he was showing me these--
he was showing me
a couple of things.
One was the abductions
themselves on this planet,
and then he was also showing
me the Galactic Federation
ship and all of the
beings on the ship.
There is an approval
process that
needs to kind of take place,
not just from the Galactic
Federation because,
ultimately, it comes down
to that individual soul.
That soul has to sign up
for and volunteer themselves
for the hybridization program.
No one, no one being,
no one species,
is allowed to
override the contracts
and to override the free
will of another being.
That is probably the
of nonintervention
is the biggest law out
there in the universe.
So Heera was talking
about not only
are individual souls on this
planet choosing to sign up
for these abduction
experiences, they're
volunteering to
have that experience
and to be a part
of that program.
And then on top of that, there's
the approval process of any
being, any species, that wants
to interact with humanity,
with this planet, or really
any other terrestrial
or non-terrestrial planet has
to kind of bring it across the--
bring it by, I guess,
the Galactic Federation.
Now, Heera was also talking
about some nefarious
or malevolent
beings-- so basically
the lower vibrational ones,
the service to self beings.
They find loopholes
in the system.
And this is where the importance
of the Galactic Federation
comes into play
is to kind of put
a stop to a lot
of these loopholes
or the manipulation
of the system.
And so one thing that Heera
was talking about is--
this is convoluted,
but he was saying
that certain beings, low
vibrational service to self
beings, are able to
manipulate an individual soul
on this planet so that they
actually ask to be taken.
And unfortunately, when they
ask to be taken or they're OK
and they accept the terms
of the agreement-- maybe
that's a dream that was set up,
maybe that was a fear tactic,
and then there's certain
abductions and things
that happen with the
beings that are service
to self because they've found
that loophole in the system,
and they get that individual's
permission, in a sense,
but working with fear to kind
of get that person's permission.
>> Right, yeah.
>> So there's corruption.
There's corruption
out there just
as much as there's
corruption down here.
>> Well, it's kind
of like a cult.
A lot of times they start
off with good intentions.
They use the buzz words "love
and light" to get everybody in,
and then, before
you know it, you're
sort of giving all
your power away
to this one person
or this group,
and then they got
you, all your money.
They got your house.
They got your mortgage.
Then we have some cults
here in LA that do that,
and we won't even go into that.
But, yes, it sounds
like there are loopholes
to sign your life away.
>> Yeah.
>> But what Heer's saying is
initially in these programs
when they were set up, the
hybridization programs,
the borrowing of DNA, I'll say,
or the extraction of DNA is all
done prior to incarnation--
>> Absolutely.
>> --and with permission.
>> Yes.
>> So what are the
hybridization programs from
Heera's perspective?
>> Let's see.
OK.
OK, fantastic.
OK, there's a lot
of information here,
and there's a lot of
different varying degrees
of the hybridization program.
So Heera was first talking
about the initial hybridization
program that was happening on
the Galactic Federation ships.
So this was happening long
before any hybridization
program that was
here on this planet.
So the Galactic
Federation, the GFL,
was already working with a
lot of different gene splicing
and collaborations
between different species.
Heera was saying that
the strongest individual,
the strongest species
that we can get to
is the mixing of all of the DNA,
because if you think about all
of these strengths and all of
the exposure to a lot of the--
whether it be a
bacteria, whether it
be some sort of disease
in another species.
You mix the genome,
and you come up
with this super being
who's able to override
a lot of that typical
kind of genetic--
>> Weakness.
>> Yeah, the weaknesses
within those individual genes.
So he's saying that that
was already in play long
before the hybridization project
that the Grays got involved
with.
And then he was talking
about, specifically
with the passing away
of his son and getting
involved with this
hybrid program,
it was great because the
Grays are genetic specialists.
They are specifically attuned
and really well versed
in genetics.
They have been splicing
their own genes,
and they have been advancing
their own civilization
and biology for tens
of thousands of years,
probably millions of years.
And so they're experts.
They're genetic experts.
And so when Heera went to
the Galactic Federation
and they came on board
with the GFL and said,
hey, we want to help
evolve our species
and we want to help
in whatever way we can
for the collective, that's when
the Galactic Federation was
like, we could really
use your help with this.
And so then they came and
involved with the Galactic
Federation, and it
was only after a lot
of other kind of
genetic splicing
and other hybrids were created
where the humans kind of came
into play with that, and
the Galactic Federation
asked the Grays to kind
of help us also evolve
the human species as well.
>> It sounds like the
Zetas, or the Grays--
I can say Zeta, right--
from Zeta Reticuli.
>> You can say Zeta.
Yeah.
>> I know there's many
different species,
different types of
Grays, I should say.
Well, in the past you
said, he's a tall Gray.
So what's the difference
between the tall Grays
and the short Grays?
>> OK, let's see.
OK, OK, so it's kind
of two different things
that he wants to bring up here.
The first one is there's a
lot of different gray beings
who have been planted
all across this universe,
and depending on the environment
and the different variables,
they developed in
different ways,
and also depending on the
environment and the variables
and the wars and what
have you, they also
developed emotionally,
energetically,
consciously in a
different way as well
with different vibrations.
His species in particular
he's talking about
came from Sirius,
Sirius Planet B,
and he does call
himself Zeta as well.
So maybe even further back
he comes from Zeta Reticuli.
But he lived all of his
lifetime on a spaceship.
So even though that's
his background,
I mean, that's kind of--
know he was on the mothership
of the Grays in that sense.
It's kind of difficult
to differentiate
each gray category.
>> Sure.
>> His species in particular
looks very typical to Grays,
very much like Grayson.
>> Grayson, all right.
>> And then he said, within the
species onboard the mothership
that he is in control of, or
was in control of in a sense,
there are three different
types of Grays--
short Grays-- they're between
3 feet and 4 feet tall--
and then medium-height
Grays, which
are anywhere between 5
feet and 6 feet tall,
and then the tall Grays, which
are typically 7 or 8 feet tall.
>> Wow, that tall?
>> Yeah.
>> Wow, OK.
>> And so I asked him--
when I was just
chatting with him,
I said, well, why the
difference in the heights?
And this is really cool because
I've never heard this from him
before.
But he said, there's
literally no other way
to differentiate the Grays
in their physical appearance
other than the height.
It's not like, well,
one has really big ears.
No, none of them have
ears, you know what I mean?
It's just there's-- now they're
just down to a very limited
kind of genetic makeup
to really change.
And so then he goes
into the different roles
of each height of each Gray.
So the short Grays
are a little bit more
like biological
robots in a sense.
They're very technical driven.
They're very simplistic.
And you can consider
their vibration
as younger souls in a
sense, even though there's
no such thing as really
young or old souls,
but they're just a little bit
more straightforward right.
You give them a task, and
they go ahead and do it,
and it's very straightforward.
The medium-height Grays
are basically like--
he calls them the managers.
So they kind of oversee
mostly the short Grays.
But they also get put
into more advanced roles
of within the
engineering department
they will be that the leader
of that department or they'll
oversee that kind of
department or what have you.
So they're a little
bit more advanced.
They're also a lot
more emotional.
So when the abductions
happen, it's usually
the short, little Grays
who pick up the people,
and they're usually
much more robotic.
So even at a vibrational
sense, if the short Grays
were to abduct someone who is
very intuitive and empathic,
they would not really feel
that emotional connection
with the short, little Grays,
whereas the taller grays are
much more emotionally--
they've got this emotional
intelligence to them.
They've got a wide spectrum.
And then the tallest Grays, the
tall Grays, are the leaders--
and once again, the
leaders of each section
of that kind of community.
And so I asked him if
the height had anything
to do with their awareness level
or is it taller, a bigger body,
you've got more capacity
to fit more in there?
He said, no, not at all.
Once again, the
height is specifically
for the distinction between the
roles onboard the spaceships.
>> Gotcha.
>> And there has been moments
where short Grays have said,
you know what, I don't feel
like this is a position for me,
especially the short Grays who
are freethinkers in a way that
they think beyond the horde,
beyond the collective.
And they're like, I don't
know, that's not really me,
and then they get put
into a position that
is a higher ranking even though
they're in a shorter body.
So that's also possible.
Same sort of thing.
>> Kind of like a uniform when
we have in military uniforms--
there are different governmental
uniforms that have different
insignias or colors to
distinguish the roles.
>> Yeah.
>> So their bodies, in
a sense, is a uniform--
>> It is, yeah.
>> --for the role.
Interesting.
Well, in a lot of
abduction scenarios, too,
or temporary detainment--
I'm trying to shift
over to that word more.
>> Yeah, yeah, yeah.
That's better.
>> A lot of people report on
being with the little guys
and then going on the ship,
and over in the corner,
there's a tall dude
sitting in the room--
>> Overseeing.
>> --overseeing or connecting,
and they could feel more
emotions coming from that one--
>> Very interesting.
Yeah, cool.
>> --that love or
something more connect--
more connectivity
to that one being
in the room as opposed
to all the little guys.
>> Totally.
>> Yeah, totally makes sense.
I guess that's sort of that
lineage of Heera's gray world,
right?
There are other
Grays that we hear
about that really have nefarious
roles or nefarious agendas.
>> Yeah.
>> Are these the ones that
we're hearing about that slipped
through the cracks and sort
of are able to manipulate
the current system a
little bit and do things?
How does the Galactic
Federation deal
with that kind of situation?
>> Yeah, good question.
Let's take a look.
OK, OK.
So there's a lot within that.
But there's just two things
that he really wants to mention.
One is, honestly, the
Galactic Federation just
does the best that they
can with those situations,
because it's very
difficult, and he brought up
the nonintervention as well.
So here are these
nefarious beings
who are not overriding these
contracts, not necessarily--
just manipulating the system.
So if they're manipulating the
system because they understand
the system, then the
Galactic Federation
can't swoop in and
override their free will
and their contracts.
So the Galactic
Federation is basically
abiding by all of the rules.
The nefarious ones are
manipulating the rules.
And the Galactic Federation
still has to abide by the rules
even when it comes down to the
nefarious because, once again,
they're not doing
anything wrong,
and if they were
to be overriding
freewill and overriding
those kind of contracts,
then the GFL could step in.
But, unfortunately,
because they're just
skewing things and
manipulating things,
there really isn't a
whole lot that the GFL
can do in those situations.
As far as Heera, he said
he doesn't really interact
with those beings whatsoever.
Even though they look
very similar because they
kind of all come from
the same genetic makeup,
they're very extremely
different vibrationally.
He also wanted to mention
that the short, little Grays--
and he says that it's a fear
tactic or a control system,
especially on this planet, that
certain short Grays that aren't
the ones who work
with him or the GFL
are these biological
robots in the sense
that there are powers
that be or other beings,
such as the Draconians
or the Annunaki, who
are able to basically remote
control these short Grays
to wreak havoc and to
create a lot of fear
within society to make
people, human beings,
believe that the Grays are bad.
He's also bringing
up a situation
that came to my
attention years ago,
maybe five or six years ago.
I was called to
Peru vibrationally,
and what happened
was the shamans--
OK, there's certain
shamans in Peru
that are actually
shape shifters.
And it's really wild because
these shape shifters are
going-- they're really
Draconian or Reptilian,
but they're going from the
human form into the Gray form
after doing a lot of
very nefarious acts
towards humanity
and human beings,
to make the humans
think that it's
the Grays who are the ones
who are doing these things.
So it's quite wild
how much they push
to switch the agenda so
that people, human beings,
are so fearful of Grays.
And to be honest,
I think that there
is this fearful, gray-based
agenda because ultimately we're
entering into this era
of the next hybrids,
the next evolution of humanity,
which is half gray, half human.
So if humanity's
really scared of Grays,
there's no way
they're never, ever
going to be open to allowing
these half gray, half humans
into this civilization,
and that's
why that fear tactic
has been pushed,
this fear agenda has been pushed
to such an extreme extent.
I also think it's
kind of a distraction.
Hey, look over here.
Reptilians over here.
Grays over here.
But look over here.
These are the guys.
These are the ones you've
got to be worried about.
And so I think
part of my purpose
for being here as
well, just as a human,
is to switch around people's
perspective of the Grays.
A lot of people
think I'm Pleiadian,
maybe because they think
I'm a pretty human,
but ultimately I'm one of
those weird dudes who's, like,
8 feet tall, and I think it's
a cruel joke from the universe
that they put me into
this 5 foot nothing body.
That's cool.
I've got a little bit
of a short complex,
but I'm getting over it.
Anyways-- yeah.
>> Cool, cool.
Well, a short disclaimer
because I've had
some awesome Reptilians
on the show, too--
>> Yeah, for sure.
>> And it's not all
the Reptilians are bad,
and not all the
Annunaki are bad.
These are--
>> And I've spoken to a lot
of Reptilians who are great,
and they helped
me disable bases,
and they're also fantastic.
I always say, there's good
and bad in every species.
So that's super important.
Grays, Reptilians,
Annunaki-- I've
met a lot of really
great Annunakis as well.
So yeah, for sure.
>> Perfect, perfect.
So with getting back to
the hybridization programs,
we have Heera obviously
is a major role
in this as far as asking the
permission for the Galactic
Federation or helping
broker that deal,
if that's the way to
say it, broker the deal.
Now, what about-- what's
happening there currently?
We've had-- we know from the
'70s, '60s, late '60s to really
the late '90s, even early
2000s, a lot of genetic material
was collected.
We've talked in past
shows about the hybrids.
What's Heera's role
in all of this?
We've sort of set up
the idea of the hybrids.
We don't need to go
into that too much.
>> Right.
>> But really, what is
Heera's current role in this
hybridization program?
>> OK.
Yeah, OK.
So Heera, even
though his body had
passed, as just a consciousness,
as that parallel version
of that being with
all of the knowledge
that he had with
the hybrid project,
he has been a part
of the hybrid project
basically since his incarnation
as Heera, as that ambassador.
So he's now been working
with the Galactic Federation
of Light even without
the physical presence
of being there.
>> Sure, just the consciousness.
>> Just the consciousness
has been there ever since.
So he said his role has changed
a lot throughout the years.
He's overseen a lot of different
aspects of the project.
And a couple of
years ago, he was
talking about trying to get hair
on the heads of these hybrids
and how difficult
it was to just get
the hair in the right places--
so patch of hair here,
patch of hair here.
>> Oh jeez.
>> You know?
Yeah, so the hair was
probably the biggest issue
that they had.
>> Wow.
That's hilarious.
>> But currently what he's
doing-- this is really cool.
He is currently working on
the setup and the integration
with the hybrids coming
into planet Earth.
So sometimes he oversees some
of the testing and the training.
I call it Earth school
that's going on up
there on this giant mothership.
And so these hybrids are
being trained and tested
to come to this planet.
But, ultimately, he's really
figuring out all of the kinks
and all of the issues
that are arising with--
OK, how do we get the
hybrids to planet Earth?
How do we get planet Earth to
accept these hybrid children?
How do we get these
children to be more human?
So he's working on a lot
of the more emotional,
the more social issues that are
arising with the integration
process of actually
bringing the hybrids
to this planet and the issues
that arise around that.
>> What are some
of those issues?
>> OK, let's see.
Ah, yes.
OK, ultimately, the
biggest issue-- and he's
showing me this image of
this beautiful hybrid child,
I think a gen two,
gen two hybrid.
I would say that he would be
around maybe 18, 19 years old
in Earth years, I
guess, in a sense--
male-looking human,
but very gray.
It's kind of difficult to
explain what they look like--
more pointed jawline, much
bigger eyes, a smaller nose,
but still a nose, little
ears, and some hair,
some tufts of hair.
We've got that down.
>> We've got some
hair down there.
>> It was great.
>> Good.
>> Anyway, so he's saying that
one of the biggest issues is
the us versus them mentality
that's on this planet.
And one of the biggest
issues is humans
accepting the next evolutionary
step right as humans.
But because they look
different enough,
it's going to be
difficult for human beings
to be open enough to allow
them to come into society.
And then the other issue
that they're really
struggling with right
now is all of the--
so there's about three
generations of hybrids
right now.
>> Would this be just--
sorry to interrupt,
but would this be in our
future right now, near future,
like this us versus--
>> Yeah.
>> Currently, right now, we
definitely have an us versus
them mentality.
But we don't have hybrids trying
to integrate into this reality
just yet.
We know it's around the corner.
So is this in the
future a little bit?
>> Yeah, so we're talking
about 30 to 50 years from now
we're going to see
an integration.
>> OK, and some of the
issues that could arise
on the timeline we're
dealing with now.
>> Absolutely, absolutely.
But, I mean, even 30
to 50 years from now,
what do we need to
do, how do we need
to plant within society to
allow humans to open up?
Right now about now we
have wars over Muslims
because they have a
different culture.
It's ridiculous, you know?
And so it's like, we got to get
going on this whole awakening
thing, you know?
And so-- yeah, the
integration, they're
having a bit of an
issue with that.
The other thing that they're
having an issue with is--
there's two main issues,
two other main issues.
One is the
third-generational hybrids--
no, the first-generational
hybrids on the ships right.
They're the oldest.
They are so done
with planet Earth.
They do not want
to come down here.
I mean, they're like, you
want us to come down there
when it's really dense,
when there's a lot of fear,
when there's a
lot of projection?
There's no way.
So the third generation,
the youngest ones, they're
very excited.
They're still very excited
to come here, right?
They're like, we want to help
humanity and help the humans.
So it's great.
So we're having
a bit of an issue
with the first-generational,
first-gen hybrids.
So it's a bit of
an issue, but more
of a behavioral kind of issue.
And if they don't want to come
down here, they don't have to.
They're not obligated.
And then the other issue that
they're encountering is--
and this is the biggest
issue right now is
all of these hybrid
children who are being born
onboard those ships are more
gray than they are human.
So the emotional
intelligence aspect
of it, their understanding
of human emotions
is extremely difficult.
They don't get the reaction.
They don't understand
the attachment.
the violence
and the abuse and the--
and they're not supposed
to be exactly human.
But they are very, very removed
from the human emotions,
and they're much more logical,
analytical, they're much more--
yeah, very high IQs.
They're much more
to the gray spectrum
than the human spectrum
because they're not
having as much interaction
and involvement
with humans as
they need to have,
and they're not having as much
connection and and interaction
with their mothers, as
well, the human mothers.
So there's a huge
disconnect from them
to human beings at
this point in time
because there isn't that
very natural nurturing
that takes place.
>> When they were creating
these first generation,
second generation, third
generation, was the intention,
the original intention, for
first generation to be contact
specialists or to
interact with us?
Did they realize it was
going to take this long?
Did they know?
And then I guess the follow-up
question right after that would
be, did the hybridists
themselves coming
into incarnation, as first
generation, did they--
>> Were they aware?
>> Were they expecting that they
were supposed to come down here
and interact with
this us on Earth?
>> Good question.
OK, yeah.
OK, great.
So a couple of things here--
so he brought up the words
"mutually beneficial."
The hybrid, specifically--
because there's a lot
of hybrids-- but specifically
the Essassani hybrids,
the half human, half gray, they
were meant to mutually benefit
both the Grays for
their advancement--
because there's a lot of things
that they have kind of missed
out on in their
genetic evolution--
and then, also, obviously,
to be beneficial to humanity,
as well, in helping
us evolve and get
to that next vibrational level.
And that was all planned
through the Galactic Federation.
That wasn't even the Grays'
plan, but, once again,
that mutually beneficial kind
of energy between the two.
So he said that, and
then he also mentioned--
oh yeah.
So every soul that was
incarnated into these hybrids
were very aware of the plan.
They were very aware of
coming down to this planet.
I don't think it was
maybe necessarily planned
for the first-gen hybrids
to come to this planet.
It was kind of more
of an experiment.
The second-gen,
third-gen hybrids,
yes, they are planning
to come to this planet,
and there's a lot of
schooling and things
that are up there on that ship
that they're going through
in order to prepare
themselves to be here.
So they're very aware of that.
They've contracted their
souls to be here as well.
And then I asked
him if there was
anything that they
didn't plan for
or anything that kind of not
got screwed up, but anything
that was--
>> A wrench in the system.
>> Besides the hair.
>> Yeah, besides the hair.
That was a tricky one, for sure.
But he said that it was--
oh yeah, the timing.
So timelines have
been pushed back.
It should have been
a little bit sooner
than what it is right now.
And there's a lot of timelines.
There's an infinite number
of parallel realities
that could potentially
happen, and planning
for all of the infinite parallel
realities is a little much.
So they kind of plan for
the most likely to occur.
But the pushback
from the powers that
be or the pushback from
the low-vibrational beings
on this planet who want to
keep us in their control
has been very intense,
and humans haven't really
allowed themselves to let go
of that paradigm of control
quite yet, as a whole anyway.
So yeah-- so the timelines.
There was a very significant
timeline he brought up in 2017.
That was actually
supposed to be the 2020
timeline that we're seeing now.
So the vibration that we're
moving into for 2020 really
opening up, entering into
that higher vibrational
stage and that conscious
awareness, more
love all around, that was
supposed to be back in 2017.
So there was a
lot of information
that I was receiving
back in 2016,
2017 gearing
everyone up for that,
and then they told me that
timelines got pushed back
back then, and he
just reminded me
that the timelines have been a
little bit difficult for them
to kind of fully harness.
>> Right.
Well, in the reality on the
ships and these hybrids,
time doesn't quite work
the way it does here.
So for them, does a--
for us from 2017 to 2020,
three years goes by.
All this stuff happens.
How does it feel for them?
Is it three years on the
ship or is it two days?
Is it five days?
How does that work?
>> OK, let me ask him.
OK, so yeah.
So time definitely works
quite differently up there.
Hybrids themselves as well
as Grays live a lot longer.
So Grays, in their entirety,
live about 600 Earth years.
>> Wow, OK.
>> The hybrids can
live up to 200--
yeah, probably 150 to 200 years.
But time up there on the ships--
very different.
And the word that he
used was it drones on.
It just drones on.
>> It drones on.
I don't even know
if that's like a--
I don't know.
But that's what he--
>> Like a "Star Wars"
drone type of drone?
>> Yeah, yeah.
It just keeps going,
and so there's really
no differentiation between
the days and the nights
as we do have here, you know?
It's just a spaceship's a
spaceship's a spaceship.
Unless you're in the front of
the spaceship at the control
room, you don't really even
see space most of the time.
You're just indoors.
And so he said that
for the hybrids
it feels like time
goes a lot slower.
But that's maybe not
necessarily the case.
It's just because there's
no differentiation.
He said that there are
levels of achievement,
and that's how they progress
through the schooling system.
It's like every year that
they go through the schooling
system, there's another
level of achievement
that they kind of go through
and they're awarded--
oh, grade one, grade two
kind of thing, right?
So there's levels
of achievement,
and that helps the hybrids, at
least, have some sort of target
or they're very excited
about kind of moving forward
through that schooling
system because there's
something to look forward to.
It's like the progression.
There's really not a
whole lot of awareness
of progression
throughout the days
or the weeks or the months,
let alone just schooling
in general.
It's just on and on and on.
>> So in their
monitoring our timelines,
in their looking at us and our
evolution and how we're going
through this, how
do they gauge that,
or are they looking at all
possibilities and are there
versions of them, the type ones
or the type twos, for example,
already interacting with
us on a different timeline,
2019 timeline version?
Are they looking at all
those possibilities?
How does that kind of work?
I know it's probably a
little complicated for our--
>> It's a little convoluted.
But, yeah, let's
take a look here.
>> --minds to fully
understand at this moment.
>> OK, so a lot of it is
basically a waiting game is
what he kind of
mentioned, right?
So he's also said that there's
a control room for that.
OK, so there's actually this
control room where there's
specialists, and
this is definitely
not what he specialized
in, but there's
specialists who look at all
of the different parallel
realities moving forward.
And they don't look at all
of them because it's a lot.
And ultimately,
they can't really
influence things because, if
it's not in the contracts,
if it's not kind of
planned and agreed
upon consciously
by both parties,
it's really just a waiting game.
So it's sitting back and
observing a lot and saying,
oh, OK, we're now
in this timeline.
OK, fantastic.
This is what we have to
do based on this timeline.
If anything major really
shifts within those parallel
timelines, they will then
talk to another counsel
within the Galactic
Federation to say,
hey, there was a huge
bump that happened.
There was a huge shift.
Things like nuclear weapons
being released, tsunamis,
what have you, other kind of
technology that humans have
that they use against
humanity, they
alert because that's
a very clear hop
into another timeline.
President Trump getting elected,
that's a timeline, right?
>> Oh wow.
>> And so-- yeah.
So with all those
timelines, when the timeline
passes the mark that, OK, now
we're in the present moment
and that could have happened but
it didn't, they don't go back.
They don't really--
oh, well, there's
a parallel timeline where we
are interacting with them.
It's already passed.
They want to be as efficient
and effective as possible.
There's a lot to look at.
Why look at things that
could have happened
when we can look forward and
see what could potentially
happen in the next step, right?
So yeah-- so it's really cool.
So they have got
this control room
and all these
different beings who
kind of focus on Earth in
particular and the timelines
within Earth.
But, once again, there's
not a whole lot of control
that they have with that.
Ultimately, humanity, the
collective consciousness
on this planet, is ultimately in
control of the timelines moving
forward.
>> So they're just looking at
the potentials moving forward,
not back.
>> The potentials moving forward
and how to mitigate them,
how to work with them, how
to integrate with them,
when the time is right, when
the hybrids are meant to come
to this planet.
>> And what's done is done.
Yeah
>> Sort of in our timeline.
>> In our timeline.
>> Our interaction with
them in this timeline,
they're just focused on
the future, so to say,
or potentials.
>> Yeah.
>> Cool, that makes sense.
Yeah.
Good to know that.
With that said,
how's it looking?
How does it look for--
>> That's a good question.
>> --on this timeline
currently to--
and I'm sure I've asked
this question in the past,
and I'm sure it changes
every day, obviously knowing
that no expectations,
that all the variables
and different things.
But for now--
>> As a whole.
>> As of whole.
We're in 2019.
2020 is around the corner.
How does it look
for us interacting
with our hybrid friends?
>> OK, let's take a look.
Great.
OK, so he can't say too much
because it will and always does
change.
But he said absolutely right
now looking really good.
We are in a really
good timeline.
We're in a really good
projection moving forward.
He said that cosmic disclosure
is happening at this time
all over the planet, whether
that be at an individual level
or to a group of people, but
not at a global scale quite yet.
But we are seeing declassified
documents and those kind
of things coming out as well.
It's all a part of the plan.
Also, a lot of movies coming
out that are really in alignment
with the truth and
what's happening--
even though it's not
necessarily said as the truth.
So he's saying that there's
these seeds, these individuals,
these people who are planted
all over the planet who
are meant to be these
seeds of change,
to really transmute things.
And so-- yeah.
And he's saying that
the cosmic = that's
happening at that
individual level
is also really
starting to elevate
the collective consciousness.
So ultimately, all of
the seeds are planted.
All of the pieces are in motion.
We're going into a
really good trajectory,
and we're still in the same
timeline of 30 to 50 years
of the integration.
Around 30 years from
now, we're going
to start to see individual
hybrids coming to this planet,
potentially even being
born through mothers, as
well, on this planet and seeding
the planet in that sense.
And then around
50 years from now,
we're going to see the
full integration, maybe
not at a whole global
level of 50%, 50%--
not going to be like that.
But it's going to be known.
Yeah, it's going to
be known collectively
that there's this integration
and the hybrids are coming,
which is really incredible.
Hmm.
Interesting.
Right when I said the
integration and the hybrids
are coming, I just got this
clip of this individual.
Yeah it, feels like
a man who's going
to be a really big
part of the disclosure,
and it feels like he's
either super young or he's
underground, someone
who's mainstream,
and it could also be someone
who's already in the limelight
because they won't show me
who it is or what the name is,
but someone who is going
to have a huge impact
to say, all right,
guys, this is happening,
and you need to know.
And it feels like
there's a lot of weight
around him, such as he's got
a lot of pull and influence
within society, and
he's going to be--
>> Maybe someone in
Hollywood or something.
>> Exactly.
And it feels like
he's going to be
a really big part of that
disclosure to prepare people.
But at a certain
point in time, there's
got to be this jarring
moment in society where
we start to really wake
up and understand, OK,
something's going on.
>> Hmm.
Interesting.
I mean, we say 20, 30
years, 30 to 40, 50 years.
Right now seems way off
into imagining that world.
But to really sit down
and imagine a world
where we're integrating
physically with hybrid beings,
I mean, it's pretty
far out there.
>> Yeah.
>> And, you know, we're saying
this in this show right now,
but I don't know.
I'm just kind of daydreaming
right now, going, yeah,
it's so hard to
believe, but yet very
believable because
of these experiences
and these conversations
that people are having--
the disclosure
movement that's already
started that we can
see in the mainstream
now with the Navy and all
this stuff that's going on.
>> And even 20 years ago, it was
hard to believe that a person,
a human being, can channel an
interdimensional being from
another galaxy, from another
planet, from another dimension.
I mean, even that was hard to
believe even five years ago.
It's still hard to believe
for most people right now,
and yet it's happening.
>> And it's becoming
more accepted,
more and more accepted.
>> Exactly.
>> These conversations
are becoming quite normal.
When I first started this
show five years ago, it was--
yeah, it was a far
out there concept,
and now people are
like, oh, yeah, yeah.
>> I could get on board.
Yeah.
>> How much of--
and you can ask Heera this.
How much of Elizabeth's
DNA has been
manipulated to carry
this message right now?
And so how much of a
hybrid is Elizabeth?
>> It's a good question.
OK, great.
So every human has a variety
of different DNA strands
from different species.
And we have, science says,
90% junk DNA or what have you.
So right away, Heera tells
me 33% of my DNA is gray,
and then I have a variety
of other strands of species
within me, definitely
through my genetic line
of different species,
like Pleiadian or Angelic
or what have you.
But yeah, the most
predominant one is 33%.
And I just want to also ask
him, was I born with that
through my genetic lineage--
>> Yeah, that's one
of my questions too.
>> --or was that also
manipulated within me
at a young age?
OK, OK, OK.
OK, so he's saying--
and he actually
showed me this really
cool image of my mom when
I was in her womb, I
guess, being abducted.
And I've always wondered this.
>> Temporarily detailed.
>> Yeah, temporarily--
yeah, yeah, yeah,
temporarily detained--
and so this really cool image.
And I've always kind of
been curious about it.
And I even asked my
mom a couple of times.
Was there any weird
situations that happened
when you were pregnant with me?
No, no, no, no, all good.
I'm like, OK, cool.
But it's really cool.
So they did indeed
inject, I guess--
it kind of sounds
forceful, but it wasn't it.
They increased the DNA
that I had within me,
and then also part of it
was very natural, as well,
coming from my genealogy--
so a little bit of 50/50,
a little bit of both.
But yeah, there was
definitely some--
>> A little push, a little push.
>> A little push.
There was definitely
some genetic manipulation
that was going on to support
the knowledge, the information,
and the ability to
channel in this lifetime.
>> And how far back--
how about your mother?
Did she have a
little push for Zeta?
>> Oh interesting, I'll see--
take a look at all
of the lineage.
>> Yeah.
>> OK.
Oh, interesting.
OK, so cool.
In a sense, I mean, I don't
see any other manipulation down
the genealogy up
until all the way back
where there was that
initial manipulation.
>> The Neanderthal.
>> The Neanderthal, right?
But there was also many
other stages of humanity
where the abductions
happened and there
was that genetic splicing and
more of that creation from all
of the different species.
And so I went back to both
my mother and my father
and all of their bloodlines
all the way back,
which was really interesting.
And yeah-- and Heera was
saying that a lot of my makeup,
in a sense, is very similar to--
if we were to say the planet
as a whole or humans as a whole
and what they're made out of
and taking the average of that,
I'm basically the
average of the humans
with a little bit
of that extra gray
that they kind of
implanted when I was a kid.
And the reason why
they had to make sure
that I was born
into a family that
was overall kind of balanced
or average or what have you
was so that I could relate
to the majority of the people
out there on the planet in
doing the work that I'm doing.
I thought that was really cool.
>> Cool.
>> Yeah.
>> Probably last question,
unless something comes out
of this--
how much of my DNA has been
manipulated or assisted or--
I shouldn't say
manipulated-- pushed
for this zeta-human
hybrid agenda?
>> OK, let's take a look.
>> OK.
Good.
OK, so in taking a look at
your genetic makeup and kind
of what went on, especially in
childhood, there was a moment.
There was an abduction
that happened.
I want to say that you were
around three or four years old.
There wasn't a
genetic push in a way.
There wasn't any sort of
extra genetics in you.
But you as a soul chose
to come into this body
specifically because of the
DNA coming from your lineage,
and the DNA coming from your
lineage is very Pleiadian.
So you've got very high--
so even Nordic-- some people
call them different things--
coming from Atlantis
and Lemuria.
So that's kind of
where the original kind
of the planting of the seeds of
the Pleiadian seeds came from.
And so you've got a very
high percentage of that just
naturally within your DNA.
But when you were a kid,
the Galactic Federation,
your cosmic soul family, decided
to take you and chip you.
And it's in your--
I want to say it's in your--
yeah, because sometimes
when I look at you and then
it's flipped, it's
kind of confusing.
But I think it's in your
back of your right shoulder.
The chip is currently
deactivated.
But especially when
you were younger,
it was this chip
that was intelligent,
and it was able to
monitor how much DNA you
were opening up and unlocking
at the safest kind of position.
So it's really cool.
A lot of us, like I said
before, have that natural DNA
from a variety of
different species.
But the DNA can either be
activated or deactivated,
laying dormant or active.
And so for you, it
was very important
that you weren't so
active right away
and that you started to really
kind of integrate and come
into that Pleiadian energy.
Heera was also saying
that specifically you
chose more of that
Pleiadian vibration
and that Pleiadian DNA
because of the compassion
with the Pleiadians.
And so you are meant
to be a space holder.
You Are meant to be a provider
for a lot of individuals.
And in doing that, you have
to have a really high amount
of compassion for all of the
species, for all of the beings,
for all of the humans,
as well, on this planet.
So you're very open and
also non-judgemental,
and that's where that Pleiadian
kind of DNA comes from.
You also have a variety of other
species and DNA within you,
as we all do, and
that also helps you--
same thing with me--
interact with all of
these different humans who
have varying degrees of
different DNA within them.
So I always tend to
find that had channeler
who channels Andromeda or
a channeler who channels
Reptilians or a channeler who
channels Grays or Pleiadians
or what have you will have the
highest percentage of their DNA
into the species that they
are channeling, obviously,
because they have to
match and harmonize
with the vibration of the being
that they're bringing through.
>> Exactly.
>> Yeah.
>> So was the chip-- just to
clarify, is the chip Pleiadian,
in a sense, or is it Zeta?
>> Oh, it's Galactic Federation.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But that was implanted in
you from the Pleiadians.
>> Oh, from Pleiadians.
>> And it's important
to understand, too,
that not all hybrids and
not all genetic DNA is here
specifically for the Essassani
or the gray-human hybrid
agenda.
Really, ultimately, before
that was ever an agenda,
it was always just
the hybrids are here.
This is kind of like a huge
experiment on this planet
to bring together all of these
variety of different genomes
and different hybrids
and different DNAs
into one species.
This is a huge experiment.
>> We were talking this morning
with Fred, a cosmic blender.
>> Yeah, yeah.
Exactly.
>> We're blending all of this
cosmic energy in a big soup.
>> And honestly, if we can
blend the lowest vibrations,
the lowest dimensions,
and the highest dimensions
in the entire universe,
and we can all get along--
we're not there yet.
We haven't all gotten along yet.
But if we can do that, we
can be this giant experiment,
this cosmic blender, and we
can still love each other.
That's huge.
And we are actually
paving the way
for all of the other species out
there in the universe as well.
>> Right.
And that's essentially what this
ascension experiment sort of
is, right?
>> Yeah, it really is.
It really is.
>> Well, thank you.
Thank you, Elizabeth.
And thank Heera for
all this knowledge
and sharing this
Zeta perspective
on reality and sort of giving
us higher insights on the Zeta.
Anything to follow up with at
the end in closing here from--
>> Let's see if he has anything
else he wants to mention.
OK, great.
He actually wanted to
thank you, Rubin, so
much for being one of
those seed planters,
for being one of those
individuals on this planet who
is collecting these stories,
collecting this information,
and divulging it to humanity.
And you have such a big role
to play in this whole ascension
process.
So he just wanted
to say thank you.
Yeah.
>> Awesome.
Thank you, wherever
you are, Heera.
There!
Awesome.
Well, thank you,
Elizabeth, and look forward
to talking to our other
friends after lunch.
>> Absolutely.
>> Sweet.
>> Very cool.
>> Awesome.
[MUSIC PLAYING]